fix: build-docs failure with React 19 (#1892)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/proud-windows-agree.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed the `build-docs` command failure when React 19 is installed in the project folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `build-docs` command failed when React 19 was installed in the project folder.
```
